Are you looking for me?
What's wrong, husband?
I thought I heard you calling my name?
Why are you here?
I've been outside all along
Shh
It's me, Li Bei Qīng
Li Bei Qīng?
Here, eat this
Are you okay?
I know
Zhang Wen Xu and that secretary
wanted to frame you
It was my carelessness
that led me to fall into their trap
If he has no regard
for our years of marriage
he can't blame me for being ruthless
What do you want to do?
I want you to help me with something
I just had a bit to drink
and got a little tipsy
so I came outside to get some fresh air
Weren't you
just inside?
Is there someone inside?
Want to know who's inside?
Why not open it and find out?
I have the key right here
Zhang Wen Xu, Jiang Yu Yong
The pain I endured in my past life
I want to return to you a thousand times over
In this life
it's your turn to go to hell